Updating the sp_execute_external_script known issues (#8560)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/machine-learning/troubleshooting/known-issues-for-sql-server-machine-learning-services.md

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> If you do the steps above, you must manually remove the added key prior to upgrading to a later version of SQL Server.

## Performance issues of Process Pooling in ML Services (R and Python) 
This section contains known issues and workarounds for using ML services (R and Python) in SQL Server.

### Cold start Performance of Process Pooling in ML Services
Upon execution of `sp_execute_external_script`, the launchpad service launches satellite processes that start the external runtimes such as R and Python. To amortize the startup cost, a pool of processes is created that can be used in the subsequent execution of `sp_execute_external_script`. This pool of processes is specific to this user, database, and the used language (R or Python in ML Services). 

#### First query execution

> The satellite processes need to be warmed up when `sp_execute_external_script` is executed for the first time or after a period of idle time (the processes are terminated via a cleanup task if they are not used for a while). Cold start of such pooled processes may be slow (e.g., due to hardware constraints). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The satellite processes need to be warmed up when `sp_execute_external_script` is executed for the first time or after a period of idle time (the processes are terminated via a cleanup task if they are not used for a while). Cold start of such pooled processes may be slow (for example, due to resource constraints). 
```

#### Workaround
If the performance of the first call is important, it is recommended to keep the queries warm. For example, a background task can be executed that fires a simple `sp_execute_external_script` query before the processes get expired. For instance, to keep R queries warm, you may execute the following query periodically.

```sql
EXECUTE sp_execute_external_script @language = N'R', @script = N'';
GO
```

#### High number of concurrent queries

> If the number of concurrent execution of `sp_execute_external_script` is higher than the active R/Python processes in the pool, the cold start of adding additional processes to the pool may be slow (e.g., due to hardware constraints).

Reviewer 2: "hardware constraints" --> "resource constraints"

Reviewer: updated

> If the number of concurrent execution of `sp_execute_external_script` is higher than the active R/Python processes in the pool, the cold start of adding additional processes to the pool may be slow (e.g., due to hardware constraints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of concurrent execution of `sp_execute_external_script` is higher than the active R/Python processes in the pool, the cold start of adding additional processes to the pool may be slow (for example, due to resource constraints).
```
